>> And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People are basically
going to keep on to help
uncover what really happened.
>> It felt like something
was watching them.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
[ Music ]
>> George Noory: Hardly a day
goes by without somebody coming
up to me talking about
weather manipulation,
and the possibility of
chemtrails,
and our next guest on
"Beyond Belief" has a lot
of experience in these areas.
Let's take a look.
>> Scott Stevens:
I'm Scott Stevens.
I was a television
weatherman for 20 years.
These chemtrails are
absolutely required
to impact whatever weather
event they were designing.
And the trails were an absolute
necessary ingredient for them
to achieve their weather
modification goals.
So we're finding the aerosols,
the metal particulates,
the weather engineering, whether
it's scalar, ionic,
or orgon, or the
chi of the atmosphere.
All of those can be
used and leveraged
to create weather events that
are several standard deviations
or outside what would
be typically normal.
>> George Noory:
As you just heard,
his name is Scott Stevens,
and he is a weatherman.
Scott, how did you
get into this?
>> Scott Stevens:
George, believe it
or not it was the Boy
Scout merit batch.
I was 12 years old looking to
get to my Eagle Scout award,
and I'm looking through
merit badges,
and I'm reading requirements
for weather.
I'm like, "I could do that."
And so one of the requirements
was to watch the weatherman,
log reports, and then
build a weather station,
and keep your own journal."
And so through July of --
I think it was 1979
is when I did that.
And by the end of that month,
habits had been formed.
I was taking high and low,
and precipitation readings,
and watching the news.
And I got addicted.
It was just a habit I
began, and I started looking
and noticing, and I
found another love.
At the same time I had
come across astronomy,
so they were 2 things that, you
know, had me looking skyward.
>> George Noory:
Why do people get
so fascinated with the weather?
That's all they talk about.
>> Scott Stevens: Well,
it's the one thing
that we all have in common.
When we step outside and
we're all experiencing the
same environment.
So it's something that
we can talk about,
and we have that common ground.
And if we're coming from
different locations,
then we can compare, "Oh,
this is coming your way," or,
"How is your winter going?"
"Oh, we haven't had
snow," or, "Oh, man,
we are so cold and frozen up."
So it's some dialogue
that we can begin
and keep on with small talk.
>> George Noory:
When you got involved
with weather forecasting --
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: --
did you ever think
that you would be investigating
weather manipulation --
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: -- chemtrails?
You just thought, "Hey,
I'm going to go and talk
about today's high
front and low front,
and just talk about
the weather."
>> Scott Stevens:
Truly; you know,
the forecasting came
rather easy for me.
It was something that I had
a mentor through high school.
Now, I had a very,
very beautiful teacher.
His name was Ken Torrey, and I
had called Ken because I wanted
to use my local town
and be the weather
watcher for that location.
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens: He said,
"No, Scott, I don't have room
for another town, but come on in
and I'll give you a
tour of the station."
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And so --
>> George Noory: You loved it.
>> Scott Stevens: TV!
I did love it, because
there's a part of me
that was the performance aspect
that I didn't know
was really there.
And that allowed
that to begin to bud.
So I ended up being, you know,
photographer, news shooter,
getting to do some editing.
And so that was the fascination.
But once I got to
Kansas and to school,
that first semester there we
had a forecasting contest.
And Ken had taught me
so well that I ended
up second place nationally --
>> George Noory: Good for you.
>> Scott Stevens:
-- as a freshman.
>> George Noory: Nationally.
>> Scott Stevens: Nationally.
You know, so it's something
that yes, you look at the sky,
you look at the charts,
you interpret the models,
but there's an intuitive
aspect of forecasting.
And that's not something
you're taught,
that's something either you have
and you learn to
cultivate, or not.
And what I learned, unknowingly,
was to forecast the extremes.
And I got busted a couple of
times when I was in Tulsa.
The main guy, I would come in
and completely reworked
his forecast.
And that kind of annoys
the personality --
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens: --
of that --
>> George Noory: But you
were correct, weren't you?
>> Scott Stevens: And
for a year I had --
he had the number 3 guy checking
my numbers, checking my numbers.
And at the -- I saw in the
verification sheet in out
of 12-period 6 days highs
and lows I beat everybody
in 10 of those slots.
>> George Noory:
Did he like you?
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: Okay.
>> Scott Stevens: And I
think that enabled an aspect
of respect to then show up.
>> George Noory: Good.
>> Scott Stevens: So
once you can demonstrate
that you can do this, you know,
then the respect has to come.
>> George Noory: Scott, before
we get into manipulation
and the possibility of
chemtrails, we are going
through an incredible time
right now weather wise.
I mean, I cannot think of a time
where we had so much flux --
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: -- highs
and lows, cold weather
and then warm weather.
I mean, just the
Midwest recently --
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: -- was
hit with a horrible,
horrible 20-year cold
that they haven't seen
in a long, long time.
Yet weeks later it popped
back up into the 50s.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory:
What's happening here?
>> Scott Stevens: Well,
unbeknownst to me this is why
I was forecasting extremes.
You under-forecast the lows and
you over-forecast the highs,
as these oscillating
events come in.
And I think really
what we're suffering
through is this battering
of the biosphere,
whether it's incredible,
unprecedented drought
in the West, and then this cold.
George, I looked at
the stuff before I came
in today. It is not relaxing
its grip on the East.
>> George Noory: No.
>> Scott Stevens: And so --
>> George Noory: It's
still there biting,
isn't it?
>> Scott Stevens: Yes;
and we have this nation
that is literally cut in half.
And here in Colorado we're kind
of on the fine line between,
where we get that beautiful
warm weather that shouldn't be
in place in the winter, and out
East where it's as it should be,
it has been for centuries.
>> George Noory: When
you hear the phrase,
"weather manipulation,"
what does that mean to you?
>> Scott Stevens: I laughed
the first time I heard that.
I said, "There's absolutely
no way that's possible."
>> George Noory: "You
people are crazy."
>> Scott Stevens: Truly.
"Do you not understand?"
And --
>> George Noory:
"You were listening
to that 'Coast To
Coast' radio show.
That's what you people do.
You're crazy."
>> Scott Stevens: [Laughs]
But I came across that.
I've always been an
alternative media kind of guy.
You know, when you're
in mainstream media,
you know how much is left out.
And when you've got 90
seconds to tell a story,
you can tell one side.
>> George Noory: That's right.
>> Scott Stevens: And maybe a
sentence or 2 for the other.
And so that always left
me wondering, "You know,
what's the rest of the
story," the Paul Harvey phrase.
And so I was engaged in
researching free energy.
Because I thought if we're into
free energy, if we can be free
of petroleum and natural gas,
then we can change the world.
And I came across this
Soviet weather engineering
from Colonel Beardon.
And I thought, "That's
a little bizarre."
And reading his stuff,
his physics honestly
was over my head.
That was not something
I was familiar with.
I had been out of school
long enough that --
>> George Noory: But he
was spot on, right?
>> Scott Stevens: He was --
there was something to it.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And it was --
the pictures that
were on his website
that had me going, "Hmm."
So I got onto eBay and
bought a digital camera.
I mean, I can go through
film like nobody's business.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: So
digital was working for me.
>> George Noory: That
saved you some money, didn't it?
>> Scott Stevens: Oh,
goodness; and time, and time,
and not go off to Kodak to get
it developed.
And so I start seeing in my
skies in eastern Idaho the same
stuff that was on his website.
And then the shapes
were not round,
they became square and oblong --
>> George Noory: Bizarre.
>> Scott Stevens: --
and tubular, and --
yes, truly bizarre.
And in Beardon's work there was
this scalar weaponry
that you can literally
send 2 beams that cross
and they intersect, and
you can play with time.
And in his work there is
the etheric field.
There is the morphogenic field,
the field that -- you know, in
meteorology it's thermodynamics,
it's heat and humidity, and the
mixing and the movement of such.
He was looking at a
whole different energy.
And that had me thinking,
"Hmm, I wonder what if?"
And so endothermic mode,
these antenna, these energy,
these waves can pull
heat out of a zone
and deposit it somewhere else.
And in his imagery there were
huge stacks in Northern Siberia
where this heat was being
vented into the Arctic,
and leaving steam trails that
were hundreds of miles long.
The other mode is exothermic
mode where you're
depositing heat in a storm.
And so '99, 2000, 2001, storms
coming in off the Pacific,
I'm forecasting, you know,
a nice winter storm
for eastern Idaho.
We've got ski resorts, you
know, counting on storms.
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens: We've
got farmers wanting water
in the watersheds.
We've got kids that want
to get out of school
because we've got
a storm coming.
>> George Noory: They
want that snow day.
>> Scott Stevens:
Doesn't happen.
And so I'm thinking,
"WTF, what's happening?"
So, I keep getting like these
forecasts are missing it.
And I'm like, "Something's up.
There's some delta, there's some
input that we're not grasping."
So I see the resonance picture
or the resonance patterns
in the sky, and finally,
finally by about 2004,
I see that something --
well, let's rewind. Let's go
to maybe 2002 and 3.
A storm's coming through,
and it's 1, 2 in the morning.
I'm off work, I'm home,
I'm watching them,
waiting for the snow to begin.
>> George Noory:
Should be predictable.
>> Scott Stevens: I'm waiting.
Yes; should be predictable,
hence why we do our jobs.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And
I'm hearing planes.
I'm hearing planes at 2 in
the morning eastern Idaho.
I'm not on any flight path.
What's going on?
Look up and you can see
stars through the clouds.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And
it should be snowing.
There's no definition
to the clouds.
And I'm like, "What's
happened to the storm?
It's just falling apart
right on top of us."
On the eastern edge
of the mountains we should
have this orographic lift --
>> George Noory:
Right; huge, yes.
>> Scott Stevens: --
so we get the push.
That's not happening.
And so in the infrared satellite
imagery you can see these
warming holes showing up.
And I'm ending up
under these holes.
And so I'm like, "Okay.
So why is this storm warming?"
In hindsight, it
was this addition
of this heat being added
to the storm, or --
and because I've not
been briefed on any
of the technologies
and how it's used,
it could be that there's an
ionic pulse, something coming
from a HARP-like apparatus.
>> George Noory:
Somthing shooting.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: Just shooting.
Let's talk about chemtrails.
>> Scott Stevens: Okay.
>> George Noory: But before
we do, let's take a look
at what we're talking about.
>> Before jumping
on the chemtrail bandwagon
was I needed a motive.
Without a motive you can't
say what they're doing
and why they're doing it.
You have to have a motive.
So the agenda was drought.
The agenda was to
kill the storm,
at least in that
one particular spot.
And you can kill
a storm in place.
That's easy to do with HARP.
You just change the
polarization,
you change the
ionization in the atmosphere,
and the storm will fall apart.
So it's very easy to add those
particulates of aluminum, barium
and whatever else they
want to put in there.
And as you add heat to that,
those particulates
then radiate the heat
into the atmosphere,
and it warms.
Let's just say the storms
can develop more violently,
more quickly, in places
that are not necessarily
as what you would
expect them to be.
And we've got technologies
available to us now that can do,
you know, continent-sized
projects.
>> George Noory:
Truly amazing, Scott.
What are chemtrails?
>> Scott Stevens: Hmm.
"Chemtrails" is a
term that I truly --
I found a little disturbing
the first time I saw it.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: I thought,
"Are you kidding me?"
I mean, these are
just contrails.
And --
>> George Noory:
Almost unbelievable.
>> Scott Stevens:
Almost, truly almost;
and for many it still is.
And in the late '90s
and the first part
of the last decade there were
sites that were beginning to pop
up dealing with this issue.
So these sites just didn't
know the meteorology.
They -- goofy terms, didn't
match with the pictures.
And so it was easy
for me to dismiss.
And it took me quite a while
to get on that bandwagon
because it just didn't
make any sense.
Why would they be doing this?
So then in 2004, I'm looking
at some satellite imageries.
There was a visible picture,
and it was a cold front
coming through Montana.
And there were these
like taking sliced bread,
these regular dissections
of these clouds.
And I'm like, "That's way too
regular for a cloud formation
over the mountain terrain
of western Montana.
This is not right."
But then there was this square
cloud in the right central part
of the screen and it's arrowed.
It was a square cloud and it
was this shadow over Billings,
Montana --
>> George Noory: Clouds aren't
square.
>> Scott Stevens: Shouldn't
be, George, but now they are.
And if you go to the west,
or right in the middle
of the screen, there's
another arrow.
And that cloud looked like it
had truly been just stamped
out of that front, and
then set off to the east.
And it was that Sunday
evening, it was the 6th of June,
'04 that my stomach sank.
And I thought -- I had
come to terms that, "Yes,
they could engineer
the larger events."
But when I saw that picture
there, I thought, "Oh, crap,
this is on a very small scale."
>> George Noory: Hmm.
Now, there are chemtrails
out there --
>> Scott Stevens: There are.
>> George Noory: -- they say.
You know, vapor from
jets, they're out there.
The problem that I see is let's
use Los Angeles as an example.
On one day you wake up and it's
a clear sky, and it stays clear.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: And you
know the flight patterns are
the same.
>> Scott Stevens: Day
after day after day.
>> George Noory:
They don't change.
>> Scott Stevens:
No, they don't.
>> George Noory: So the
next day you wake up,
same kind of weather,
except that clear sky --
>> Scott Stevens: Where is it?
>> George Noory: -- now
looks like a Tic Tac Toe.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: You have
these patterns everywhere.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: Why is it
that you can have jet trail
on that day, but you
can't on the previous day?
>> Scott Stevens: And that's
what I ask the nonbelievers.
That is my question, my
direct question to them is,
"How do you -- how can you
justify one day being blue --
" again, as you said,
with commercial traffic it
should be there every day.
>> Scott Stevens: Or not.
>> George Noory: Or not.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
And so engines -- these engines
have become exceedingly clean
over the last 20, 30 years.
Jet fuel is not cheap,
and so we must conserve it
and get the most energy
out of each gallon.
So what I needed to figure
out how the chemtrails fit
into the weather
modification with cameras.
So I got online, bought 4
cameras,
2 with mini DVDs, 2 little
webcams,
2 computers, and some
time lapse software,
and I ran firewire around the
house.
Within 4 months, George, there
was a sorty of flights,
looking off to the southwest
on a sunny April afternoon.
And there were 6 planes
in maybe 5, 6, 7 minutes.
And only 1 of them left a
trail; and it wasn't a big one,
because it was one
of those dry days.
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens: But
this little segment
of trail was remained.
Two of planes then hit,
"boom," the end of the trail,
and one went right up the
center and bisected it.
I'm like, "Oh, it's geometry.
They're leaving these
bits of trails
because that trail is
remaining illuminated not
because of moisture but
because of some other force...
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: ...whether
it's a vertical lift --
and I see it more often
with a push from the side.
These trails will literally just
[makes sound] just be pushed
out and they stay bright.
And this part will fade away,
and then this one
becomes illuminated
and pushed to the side.
>> George Noory: Right;
and they hang, don't they?
>> Scott Stevens: They do;
especially when there's
active manipulation happening.
So my conclusion, or tentative
conclusion, because I don't know
for sure, is that a lot
of engineering technology is
onboard those aircraft; onboard.
We can go back to the work of
Wilhelm Reich and his discovery
of the orgon, the etheric
field that how it impacts clouds
and the water molecule.
And then that technology,
that understanding
was developed further
by James Trevor Constable,
and they were able to --
little Cessna Piper Cub planes
put little ionization tubes
and then roll over
the thunderstorms,
roll over the rain.
This was in the tropics
where the atmosphere is rife
with energy and life, and so
it's easy to turn it over.
In the West we're
really been desert,
and it's a little more
difficult to get this to happen.
So they've demonstrated
that very small lightweight
technology can have massive
impacts if you're not stuck
in thermodynamic world.
If you go to the etheric,
or the electrical world,
you can greatly impact the
weather with minimal input
because this biosphere is so
balanced, it's so perfect,
that all we have to do is tease
it a little bit to the dry or
tease it a little bit to
the wet, and it happens.
It happens.
>> George Noory: Let's assume
that manipulation is occurring.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: Why?
What are they doing?
>> Scott Stevens: That's a good
question, and one I ask myself.
>> George Noory: And we have
droughts in California now.
Why aren't they there trying
to help that?
It's just strange.
So what do you think
they're doing?
>> Scott Stevens: I think
they need public oversight
so we can change the agenda.
Honestly, there's big
picture and little picture
to that answer --
to that question.
I think as Secretary -- Defense
Secretary Colin said in 1997
that they're using
the planet now
as primary forms
of eco-terrorism.
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens: It's a weapon.
It's what it seems to be.
And, George, what's the best
weapon; the secret weapon?
>> George Noory:
The secret weapon.
>> Scott Stevens: The secret
weapon that no one can believe
that is so fantastic --
>> George Noory: They can
blame it on Mother Nature.
>> Scott Stevens: And
insurance companies paid for it
because it is, quote,
unquote, "an act of God."
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And so that
way the money keeps rolling
through the system, the economy
keeps moving, and we have --
what hurts, though, is the
human toll that it takes.
>> George Noory: Do you think
the intent initially started
to help the environment?
"Let's make it rain somewhere,
because they need it?"
>> Scott Stevens: I don't.
No, no. I think in the wake of
D-Day, World War II, that they,
the Military Industrial
Complex knew that they needed
to have the weather on their
side for their next war.
And that was the goal.
And by God, you know,
if Beardon's right,
Stalin basically
told his people,
"We need something the
Americans don't have.
They're building bomb,
after bomb, after bomb.
We need something special."
So they went and leveraged
Tesla's technologies.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And so
upwards of, according to him,
10,000 physicists working on
this project that became named
"Energetics," in
the '50s and '60s.
And that it was deployed
after the Bay
of Pigs, shortly thereafter.
>> George Noory: Well, we know
the Chinese during the Olympics
said, "Don't worry
about the weather.
>> Scott Stevens: "We'll
take care of that."
>> George Noory: We
control the weather.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes, yes, yes.
>> George Noory: When I
saw that statement, Scott,
I said, "Holy Toledo."
>> Scott Stevens:
They actually said it.
>> George Noory: And
they're admitting
that they can control
the weather.
Now, if they're doing it, and
the Russians are doing it --
>> Scott Stevens: Why aren't we?
>> George Noory: -- you
know we're doing it.
>> Scott Stevens: And especially
since we've not said a thing.
Then that's when you know.
You know, if they're not talking
about it, it's happening.
It's happening.
>> George Noory:
You mentioned HARP,
and we mentioned chemtrails.
>> Scott Stevens: Yes.
>> George Noory: Are we talking
about 2 distinctly
different things?
>> Scott Stevens: I believe so;
but I also believe the
chemtrails can provide --
honestly the longer I've been
aware of them and watching them,
the program is elegant, it is
exquisite, and my hats off going
to the guys that developed it
because it is truly an amazingly
-- it's a ballet in the sky.
>> George Noory: Is it genius?
>> Scott Stevens:
In a way it is.
It truly is.
If it were just used for
the betterment of mankind,
then it would be
a different story
because we could use it more
sparingly, we wouldn't have
to have this huge fallout
of these toxins from the sky
that we've all breathed.
That's just a given.
But I believe those trails
provide them an interface
from the etheric,
electromagnetic,
and thermodynamic realms.
So we have these eggs
that are layered,
and they can play this boundary
where we can move electrical
energy from the etheric,
and then down into
thermodynamics.
So I believe that plays that.
And also at the same time if you
are going to watch our river,
whether it's a river of air
or a river of water moves,
put a string on it,
or a line of powder,
and see how it undulates
and moved.
But the big discovery with the
time lapse cameras, George,
was once you have
one trail going on,
there's always defamations.
There's breaks, there's
tears in them.
There's disruptions.
Other planes come along and
hit those brakes perfectly,
at the end, at the other,
or even in the middle.
It's really --
>> George Noory: They know
exactly what they're doing.
>> Scott Stevens: And
there's some super-computer
up there probably
guiding it all.
>> George Noory: What
chemicals are they using?
>> Scott Stevens: From lab
analysis it's barium, strontium
and aluminum are the big ones.
>> George Noory: Okay.
>> Scott Stevens: I don't
know, the biggest things --
>> George Noory: And what
do those chemicals do?
>> Scott Stevens: Give
them reflectivity,
so from space they
can use sounding data
to see what the different layers
of the atmosphere
are doing discreetly,
whether it's the layer
above say 31,000 feet,
and then a little layer,
you know, 31 to 21,000,
another one from 21 to
28,000 feet and then below.
If they're all colored a
little bit differently,
then from above you can see
what's happening in real time.
The guys at the National
Weather Service are stuck
using balloons.
>> George Noory: Right.
>> Scott Stevens: You know,
with radio sounds going
up that are all sensing
temperature and humidity
and wind direction, and
then some other values.
But they're missing
the big picture.
And their resolution is
so coarse, so, you know,
2 in a state tops, except
for Texas and California.
You know, they just
don't get the resolution
to see what's truly happening
on this very small scale
that these pros are working at.
>> George Noory: And
what happened, Scott,
to people who breathe
these chemicals;
because they eventually
fall, right? They come down.
>> Scott Stevens:
Eventually, eventually; yes.
>> George Noory: What happens?
People have all kinds of
respiratory issues these days.
>> Scott Stevens: And we are
dealing with Alzheimer's,
Parkinson's, ADHD, all of
these neurological diseases.
And so I think there's a
concerted effort to dumb
down the population so that when
they figure these things out,
they're paralyzed and don't
know what to do, don't know how
to respond, or simply
can't grasp the concept
that it is happening, which
is the bigger picture.
So if you kind of keep
the brain locked down,
whether it's fluoride in the
water, shut down the pineal,
aluminum to disrupt the
nervous system, you know,
these artificial
sweeteners to continue
to degredate
the nervous system,
then we're just in a pen.
>> George Noory: Now,
is this being done all
around the planet, or just here?
>> Scott Stevens: I like to look
at the earth as a closed system;
that there's no way off of
it, that one chimney in China,
or Gary, Indiana is pumping into
our single atmosphere,
and so we're all
breathing it, all of us.
South America was largely immune
to this until about 2008, 2009.
>> George Noory: But
we got to that too.
>> Scott Stevens: Until we
had the big Chile earthquake.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens:
And then it seemed
after that event,
the skies opened up.
>> George Noory: Are we
manipulating earthquakes too?
>> Scott Stevens: I believe so.
>> George Noory:
In your opinion?
>> Scott Stevens: And there are
a couple of depths of quakes
that I'm curious about, 5
kilometer, 10 kilometer,
35 kilometer depth earthquakes
I find highly suspicious.
>> George Noory: How
will they do that?
>> Scott Stevens: We go
back to scalar technology,
or to Tesla's work, and if you
can through the disruption
of time pull away the force
of gravity off one side
of an earthquake
-- of a fault line,
then all of a sudden the
other fault doesn't even see
that it's there.
It's like, "Ooh, I have
a void to my left, boom."
And then it moves.
And that's an
oversimplification, but it's all
about playing with space-time.
>> George Noory:
Where are the pilots,
because this is the big issue.
Where are the pilots --
>> Scott Stevens: Do you
believe there are pilots?
>> George Noory: --
who are doing this?
Do you think they're drones?
>> Scott Stevens: I
think they're drones.
I think they've been
drones for years;
years, and years, and years.
And so there's some air base
where the airmen show up,
sit down, and they're
probably not even military.
>> George Noory:
Because they don't have
to be big jets or
planes, do they?
>> Scott Stevens: And I have
seen more smaller planes
than ever before, Cessnas,
Lears, Golfstreams, all --
and you would say, "Oh,
that's just a little
plane, small trail."
But no, it's interested
in something off there.
So you could watch it
investigate another target,
another disruption,
or disturbance,
or distortion in
a previous trail.
And it hits it precisely.
And 90 degrees, 90
degrees, that's all --
some are at 90-degrees angles.
>> George Noory: Yes --
>> Scott Stevens: And what
happens in meteorology
if you're going to develop a
storm, it must have vorticity.
It's some kind of a spin,
some kind of a churn.
That gets the storm going.
The maximum way to get that
spin is to run something
across one another
at 90 degrees.
You do that across your
hand, you get heat,
and then you create turbulence.
And all the electricity
that we use in this country,
save for solar, is developed
by turbine, spinning,
whether it's water, whether
it's air, it's a turbine.
And this generates the current.
And when you look at
time lapse photography
of the simple cumulus cloud,
or the towering thunderstorm,
they're always spinning.
So there's this inherent
spiral in the weather,
and we can go right
back to the orgon.
It's the spiral of
the life force.
And so they use this inherent
spiral and then form it,
shape it with these
waves that these planes
or other instruments are
introducing into the atmosphere.
And so that constrains the
movement of the jet stream; so.
>> George Noory:
What's the altitude
of these chemtrails;
30,000 feet, 40,000?
>> Scott Stevens:
Doesn't matter;
pretty much from
18,000 to 40,000 feet.
>> George Noory: Okay.
>> Scott Stevens:
Just the whole depth.
I mean, they're interested
the whole column of air --
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens:
-- top to bottom.
It's all important.
>> George Noory: Do you think
commercial pilots have flown
through this?
>> Scott Stevens: Absolutely.
>> George Noory:
I wonder what they say.
>> Scott Stevens: I don't know
that they're completely aware.
I had queried more than one,
you know, in my flights.
And they clam up.
So I think they've been
told not to talk about it,
told that it's nothing
to be concerned about.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: I
could see how some
of them might be
participating in the program,
but I really think we
have a whole other fleet,
because their intention
on flying
and hitting atmospheric
phenomena,
atmosphere anomalies is
extreme --
>> George Noory: Are most people
skeptical about this stuff?
>> Scott Stevens: And
should be; and should be.
I was.
>> George Noory: Do you
think that's healthy?
>> Scott Stevens: I
think it's healthy.
I really do.
I think you must be
skeptical about everything.
You must. It has to pass a test.
And for me, you know,
there's a scientific method.
And that's what I did with the
cameras and the photography.
You know, the cameras
were unbiased.
You point them up, you have
them capture a picture every 4,
5, 6, 10 seconds.
>> George Noory: Without
that, would you believe this?
>> Scott Stevens: It
would take me longer
to come to terms with it.
>> George Noory: Okay.
>> Scott Stevens: I wouldn't
have seen the precision
of the flights and what
they were exactly interested
in without the time
lapse.
>> George Noory: Let's take a
look at another strange picture,
and you can tell us --
>> Scott Stevens: I
had a few of those.
>> George Noory: --
what's going on here.
[Laughter] What's this?
>> Scott Stevens: That was May
'04, and it was Eastern Idaho.
And I was just -- I hadn't
even yet come to terms
that yes, this is real.
And then this cloud showed up.
And oh, man, that's
just too anomalous.
You can't get that shape to show
up in a fluid without some kind
of resonance pattern forcing
it to come into place.
>> George Noory: And
that's the issue here.
>> Scott Stevens: That's the
issue is we've got resonance
patterns in the atmosphere,
and these chemtrails
provide us a visible boundary
of these patterns,
visible boundary.
They make what's
invisible, visible.
>> George Noory: You
know how sometimes
when you were a kid you'd lie
on your back and you just look
at the old clouds,
and you look up.
And you could see faces --
>> Scott Stevens: Faces.
>> George Noory: -- and
things, "Hey, there's a dog,
there's a person, there's that."
Might that be what
we're looking at here?
I mean, where our mind is
imagining what's going on?
>> Scott Stevens: A sign
of intelligence is the
ability to discern patterns.
And I consider that
we have intelligence.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: So
if a pattern is there,
we should be able to discern --
>> George Noory: And
you're the expert.
>> Scott Stevens: Well, I
think we're all experts,
because we all have
to come to terms
with what's happening
in our own time.
Now, I truly thought
as I began to talk
and to share my observations
that there would have been
a fairly healthy movement
to investigate these things.
But a head in the sand
can really keep you
from seeing a lot of things.
I had a discussion last
night with a researcher,
an atmospheric researcher
at NCAR.
And he had a couple statements
that are rather revealing
to me about group think.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: And
one of them was --
you know, his job was to
begin to share the CO2 message
with the world that
this is happening,
we're doing it, this
is a problem.
And so we had a little
talk about the sun,
and climate change, and
sunspot minimum.
And I'm like, "What
about contrails?"
>> George Noory:
And he went, "What?"
>> Scott Stevens:
He said, "You know,
about every 5 years
I look into that.
You know, does it add to
warming, does it add to cooling?
You know, how does that play
with the global warming agenda?"
And he said, "You know, I
really don't have an opinion,
but it might, you know, allow
us an aspect of cooling,
because of the increased
cloud cover."
My other side of that is once
we've got clouds overhead
at sunset --
>> George Noory: Sure.
>> Scott Stevens:
-- we trap the heat,
especially like a metal blanket.
We have these Mylar blankets
in our emergency, you know,
car outfits to stay warm;
same kind of thing
happening in the sky.
>> George Noory: Can any of
this be done in order just
to make the environment better?
>> Scott Stevens:
Oh, absolutely,
and that's what I would
like to see change;
because if we could
take this away
from the Military
Industrial Complex --
>> George Noory: That's the key.
>> Scott Stevens: --
that's the key, and bring it
into public oversight,
the world will change.
The drought can end in
California; bumper crops
in the middle part
of the nation.
You know, Australia could
finally get some rain
to put out those fires.
You know, we can --
>> George Noory: You could
make it rain in the desert.
>> Scott Stevens: -- have
a Garden of Eden, George;
but that's not what they want.
There has to be this poverty,
this doing without, this famine.
That's apparently what
these people thrive on.
>> George Noory: So you
think they want chaos.
>> Scott Stevens: Undoubtedly;
undoubtedly, you know,
whether it's a Katrina event,
and the federal government
withholding supplies,
withholding relief, and
keeping these people locked up.
I mean, there's --
and I've heard stories
that there were handwritten
notes,
Carl Rove, "We'll hold this off
until we get martial
law declared."
>> George Noory: Yes.
How did your news
directors feel about this,
as you started going
down this path?
>> Scott Stevens: I
knew in October of '04
when I wrote my missive
to George here
at Urban Survival that I would
lose my job.
I just didn't know how
quickly it would happen.
>> George Noory: Yes.
>> Scott Stevens: I was --
had been at that station by
the time I left for 9 years
and 9 months, and for 8-1/2
years we were number 1
or tied for number 1 news.
And the station when I
started was a distant 3rd.
And so I was valuable
to the tune of millions
of dollars annually
to that station.
And my general manager was fine.
He said, "Scott, you
do your interviews --
>> George Noory: "Go for it."
>> Scott Stevens: -- you go for
it, but you do it on your time
and you just don't
bring it to our air."
And after Katrina, doing
"Coast To Coast," and creating
that turmoil, the
station up the street,
the ABC station's
sales department went
to the regional Ford dealers
and said, "You do not want
to advertise with Channel 6.
Scott Stevens is crazy.
He's talking about these things.
You want to advertise with us."
>> George Noory:
"We're straight."
>> Scott Stevens: And then
when corporate got wind
of that, that was it.
>> George Noory: That was it.
>> Scott Stevens: That was it.
Do not impact the bottom line.
>> George Noory: Well, Scott,
keep doing what you're doing.
Somebody's got to watch
those clouds for us.
>> Scott Stevens:
[Laughs] Undoubtedly.
>> George Noory: Next time
you look in the skies,
look at that pattern,
look at those chemtrails,
and then you decide
whether it is manmade,
or made from Mother Nature.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[ Music ]